In order to generate Java classes from a WSDL file,
there's some setup that needs to happen in your Maven palm file.
So let's navigate there.
At the very bottom,
there is a plugin section.
So specifically, this plugin here found on line 75 through 92.
So this plugin uses
JAXB which generates the Java classes and
handles the mapping of XML to Java and vice versa.
The line on 87 is very important because it points to
the WSDL file that the plugin will use to generate the Java code.
Let's scroll back up.
There are additional dependencies that I've
added here this marshaling and unmarshaling section.
That's lines 40 all the way down through 63.
So these are additional dependencies that also
help with mapping XML to Java and vice versa.
So those are necessary.
Now, in order to generate the Java classes,
you'll have to run the Maven generate-sources command.
Now, this can be easily done via the command line or through IntelliJ.
I'm going to use it through IntellJ.
My project is set up as a Maven project.
If you notice here on this far right-hand side,
this option says Maven,
and if you click on it,
it opens the Maven configurations for your project.
So I want to run the Maven generate-sources command.
So I will click on this that says "Execute Maven Goal" and a window will pop up.
Then, here, you can enter generate-sources.
Let's click Execute.
I'll expand this window down here so you can see what's happening.
So we have build success. So that's it.
So this results in a number of generated Java classes.
Let me show you where those are.
Those are under this target folder.
Go to generate-sources and look for XJC.
Underneath this, you'll see all of the classes that you need,
so com, data access, web services server.
In here, we have the requests files and the response files.
So we'll use these classes when we implement
the client that actually calls out to the soap service.
The next step is to create a client for
the number service to create a web service client.
You simply extend the WebServiceGatewaySupport class,
and code your operations.